After the question session with the client we have also defined a number of 
non functional requirements for our project which are listed in the table 
bellow. The complete questionnaire can be found in the appendix.

Usability 
The events and relations should be visualized using vector graphics 
for easy scaling.
The main use case would be visualization for scientific papers and the 
activities should have enough space inside of them for 50 readable characters.
Interface 
The program must be able to work with an input of either a language based
input or .csv format with defined markings and events.
The program is expected to be used only via console and the input file given 
as an argument.
The output format would preferably be an option selected during the execution 
and must at least support a scalable pdf with no margins.
Only one kind of user is required for this program and that user is expected 
to use the command-line as interface.
Reliability 
Regarding Robustness the program is expected to not crash. If wrong input 
file/format or grammatical errors occur the program should produce an 
appropriate warning, reject the current file and request a valid one.
Regarding safety no passwords or other means of security are needed
Performance 
Our program must be able immediately respond to the visualization of a 
single graph with up to 100 events
Supportability 
A user guide must be provided about what and how is called and correct 
input formats.Furthermore documentation for the internal workings of the 
program along with javadocs.
Implementation T
he program is allowed to be dependent on third-party libraries and it is 
expected to be working in Macintosh, Windows and Linux machines with 
reasonable specs. No mobile support is required.
Legal 
Project will be released under the LGPL3.0 license, meaning that it is going
to be open source and if somebody wants to make changes they are required to 
make those changes open source as well

The client did not impose any constraints but it was mentioned that it would 
be appreciated if the project could be implemented in Java in order to support
better compatibility for future uses.


